Google Sites Diary 
https://sites.google.com/email.arizona.edu/
lis-575-final-project
I have a link and am underway on working on the Google Sites page. I am excited but much more interested in the eBook and seeing how that goes. 
4/21 - Experimenting with usability. There are a lot of interesting tools that Google Sites provides that would make the user's experience much easier. It 
is definetly geared towards social media/Google based apps such as YouTube, Google Docs etc. The Map and Calendar features are very simple to use and a site
for a restuarant/bar/small business would find a very easy time creating a web page to advertise. I am thinking I will create several pages under the main site 
showing examples of how different entities (businesses, schools, etc) could use Google Sites to create web pages. 
4/22 - (After the fact) Worked on ideas for entity webpages to demonstrate how Google Sites can be used and discarded most of them. 
Came up with 3 solid ideas, a Pizza restaurant, a private library and a DJ. 
4/24 - Entering the information for each webpage today, trying to focus on the usability and utility more so than the content of the pages, since
they are just examples. 
4/26 - After considerable effort, I have successfully coded a working click to call button in HTML in the Pizza Restuarant Google Sites. I made 
several of the same mistakes over and over, but finally got it working correctly and tested it
. In terms of optimizing it for mobile/tablet view, i still need some work. Working through that now - the mobile and tablet views are not going 
to be exactly the same, but I need to work towards making them equally visually appealing, symmetrical and usable as the desktop view. 
5/1 - Adding buttons with links to each page, each example page has come out pretty good. Still working some kinks out on the tablet and cell 
phone views. 
5/1 - Done with Google Sites, I tested the site on my phone and tablet and am happy with the way it is laid out, the visibility and usability 
of each function. 
